it's really here
doesn't work on me and chichi does it I
mean you wouldn't make your favorite
brother dance would you hey now let's
try it
now let's try a botch
me Kimberly Cooper the new master of
darkly
the dupe dancer music box
good warp Koopalings let me try it bully
you gotta be kidding next king then I'm
gonna rule the entire world starting
with you what's that my here's a thump
up I can't hear you
speak up you can't that means you can't
control him give it to me do the Koopa
King dad is gonna pay for this oh oh I
love this song I could make the whole
Mushroom Kingdom dance to their due
Durga
everybody do that Cooper everybody shake
your scale
this is hard work my arm is getting
tired hey Luigi you got any plumbers
putty on you ready to bow daddy kiss my
feet
no way Cooper I got it I got it I really
got the Duke dancer is mine I'm getting
steamed
I think that's our cue to leave now I
getting angry you ever seen me angry
where you gonna see it watch out sounds
like the Cooper's are back to playing
they're all kind of music